three games in for both clubs FC Kansas
City a slow start surprised many there
were 0 into before they got a win last
week against the Seattle reign and
there's the whistle from our referee
Margaret domki also at NWSL good service
back post and it's pushed just wide
first chance of the night here's the
service danger as there as hangar got
caught in the crowd at the post still
alive top of the box shot through
traffic and FC Kansas City grabs the
opening lead cleared by Henderson bogus
settled it's a really well taken shot
henagar could not see it so late not
much she could have done about it nasir
serving mcdonald just passed a cupper
corner good opportunity there Chapman
with the delivery numbers in the box
it's better that it could save nicole
barnhart it's a much more active play
than we saw in the first half anella
header what a fantastic goal from shake
room well timed run towards the near
face beautiful delivery and the former
Texas Audi just enough on its snap
header mcdonald's on side serving late
arriving his hippie she hits the
crossbar at BBVA compass stadium calm
mas'r good bear the offside flag comes
up near opportunity for Kayleigh oh hi
accent good ball McCarty just sit down
but she could not keep it under the
crossbar was still rising and it sailed
over the goal of Nicole Barnhart this
one will be taken by accent low to the
near post and it's pushed just wide by
Ashley Nick Nasser over the top
targeting McDonald's still alive but
much too high for a lee Bailey before
the big game and there's our final
whistle the dash come home after two
straight on the road